all and to all and max and as you the
see we're still in ashford
currently we are all just at the
station meaning that there is nobody
that's normal it's early morning in
the more I got up one hour too early
as well I Gouré between
their French to English time
always is it better to be in
advance that late I head
currently to london where i'm going
fly to seattle
here and here is this plane that goes to me
lead
Here the int ernational rev 2 through 5
asus of course that I thank you that goes
to be nice that there will be videos
every day and we start everything from
but I have not left yet
tokyo go hi
and
everyone's water short break just
before leaving since the plane takes off
in less than an hour now and I
I left for eleven hours of flight
it's going to be long, it's going to be very, very
long
and we just got to seattle
our luggage
we move to the hotel and after I do
a little debrief from the plane of the
day all that I do not know if we told them
too much time to travel to Seattle
today since
it will have to install stuff and yes
to edit the videos all this a little
little late still go
who
m
yeah that's the event starts tomorrow
in the meantime is resting a bit we did
a little bit all around kirana
I hope you enjoyed it and I want
have suddenly raids to
more video this time with
a lot of people a little less
indicator is a little more than gamer
go jo